Update checkout (#99)
saleor/saleor.io-learn: checkout/overview.md

---
pos: 1
title: Overview
description:
next:
  path: /checkout/checkout-creation/
---

Let's go over the checkout process in Saleor. It is crucial to finish the previous steps of this tutorial before starting this section.

<Notice>
In Saleor the *checkout* is synonymous to the *cart* in other e-commerce solutions. Thus, whenever we say *Checkout*, it can be substituted by *Cart*. In other words, both Checkout and Cart refer to the same entity that represent the currently selected products for purchase.
</Notice>

> Checkout is a state kept server-side by Saleor and we will reffer to it using an unique identifier. Whenever we want to add something to the cart, we notify Saleor about that change using the unique identifier of our checkout state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkout is a state kept server-side by Saleor and we will refer to it using a unique identifier. Whenever we want to add something to the cart, we notify Saleor about that change using the unique identifier of our checkout state.
```
